FF153 Popover API docs for new hint/auto popover interaction model (#44603)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlelement/togglepopover/index.md

        - The browser places the popover in a logical position in the keyboard focus navigation order when shown. This makes the popover more accessible to keyboard users (see also [Popover accessibility features](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Popover_API/Using#popover_accessibility_features)).
        - The browser creates an implicit anchor reference between the two, making it very convenient to position popovers relative to their controls using [CSS anchor positioning](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Anchor_positioning). See [Popover anchor positioning](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Popover_API/Using#popover_anchor_positioning) for more details.

### Exceptions

- `InvalidStateError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}

>   - : Thrown if this method is called while another popover is already in the process of being shown or hidden (e.g., within a `beforetoggle` or `toggle` event handler).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Thrown if this method is called while another popover is already in the process of being shown or hidden (e.g., within a `beforetoggle` event listener).
```
